op: add page (#10717)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/op.md

# op

> > An official command-line interface for 1Password's desktop app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Official CLI for 1Password's desktop app.
```

> > More information: <https://developer.1password.com/docs/cli>.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> More information: <https://developer.1password.com/docs/cli/reference>.
```

> - Sign in to a `1Password` account:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Sign in to a 1Password account:
```

`op signin`

- List all vaults:

`op vault list`

> - Print item detail in `JSON` format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Print item details in JSON format:
```

`op item get {{item_name}} --format json`

> - Create a new item with category in the default vault:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a new item with a category in the default vault:
```

`op item create --category {{category_name}}`

> - Print a referenced secret in `stdout`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Print a referenced secret to `stdout`:
```

`op read {{secret_reference}}`

- Pass secret references from exported environment variables to a command:

`op run -- {{command}}`

- Pass secret references from an environment file to a command:

`op run --env-file {{path/to/env_file.env}} -- {{command}}`

> - Read secret references from an input file and save plaintext secrets to an output file:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Read secret references from a file and save plaintext secrets to a file:
```

> `op inject -i {{path/to/input_file}} -o {{path/to/output_file}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`op inject --in-file {{path/to/input_file}} --out-file {{path/to/output_file}}`
```

> `op inject -i {{path/to/file1}} -o {{path/to/file2}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`op inject -i {{path/to/input_file}} -o {{path/to/output_file}}`
```
